Update simulation examples to use `flwr_datasets` (#2381)
adap/flower: examples/simulation-pytorch/README.md

# Flower Simulation example using PyTorch

> This introductory example uses the simulation capabilities of Flower to simulate a large number of clients on a single machine. Take a look at the [Documentation](https://flower.dev/docs/framework/how-to-run-simulations.html) for a deep dive into how Flower simulation works. This example uses [Flower Datasets](https://flower.dev/docs/datasets/) to download, partition and preprocess the CIFAR-10 dataset. This examples uses 100 clients by default.

Author: ```suggestion
This introductory example uses the simulation capabilities of Flower to simulate a large number of clients on a single machine. Take a look at the [Documentation](https://flower.dev/docs/framework/how-to-run-simulations.html) for a deep dive into how Flower simulation works. This example uses [Flower Datasets](https://flower.dev/docs/datasets/) to download, partition and preprocess the MNIST dataset. This examples uses 100 clients by default.
```
